
last_updated_epoch.innerHTML= response.last_updated_epoch  
last_updated.innerHTML= response.last_updated
temp_c.innerHTML= response.temp_c
temp_f.innerHTML= response.temp_f
is_day.innerHTML= response.is_day
wind_mph.innerHTML= response.wind_mph
wind_kph.innerHTML= response.wind_kph
wind_degree.innerHTML= response.wind_degree
wind_dir.innerHTML= response.wind_dir
pressure_mb.innerHTML= response.pressure_mb
pressure_in.innerHTML= response.pressure_in
precip_mm.innerHTML= response.precip_mm
precip_in.innerHTML= response.precip_in
humidity.innerHTML= response.humidity
cloud.innerHTML= response.cloud
feelslike_c.innerHTML= response.feelslike_c
feelslike_f.innerHTML= response.feelslike_f
windchill_c.innerHTML= response.windchill_c
windchill_f.innerHTML= response.windchill_f
heatindex_c.innerHTML= response.heatindex_c
heatindex_f.innerHTML= response.heatindex_f
dewpoint_c.innerHTML= response.dewpoint_c
dewpoint_f.innerHTML= response.dewpoint_f
vis_km.innerHTML= response.vis_km
vis_miles.innerHTML= response.vis_miles
uv.innerHTML= response.uv
gust_mph.innerHTML= response.gust_mph
gust_kph.innerHTML= response.gust_kph

<td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>1</td>